If you don't already
have your DragonBoard,
we'd like to kinda walk you through
the process of acquiring it.
All right, so, first step.
Go to the 96 Boards website.
There are several other ways, of course,
to find a way to purchase this.
Just simply searching it on Google,
DragonBoard 410C, but
this is one of the easiest
ways that we found.
>> It's still relatively new, so.
>> Yeah.
>> This is probably the place
you'll wanna go to get it.
>> Yeah so go to the DragonBoards,
I'm sorry.
Go the 96boards.org website, you're going
to click the DragonBoard 410c picture.
It's going to take you to a screen
that looks kind of like this.
You're going to want to click Arrow.
Arrow is the provider or the store
that is selling the board for us.
Then we have a screen that's
gonna pop up like this.
Where they're going to ask
you how many you want.
So, buy 100 of them, right?
>> At least 100.
No, one, buy one.
Hopefully they're in stock,
as you can see.
>> Buy one for you, one for a friend.
>> One for you, one for a friend.
So, click Buy, View Cart and
then you're ready, right?
But you're not.
So you need to register first with Arrow.
Once you've set everything up,
got your cart all set up,
go click the Register button, you want
to be a new user, set up your account.
Finish your registration process,
they're gonna thank you,
and now you're actually ready to sign in.
So provide your name, you're gonna want to
have it shipped to your house, give all
that vital information in order to get
the board properly delivered to you.
>> I'm sure you guys have all
been through this before.
>> Everyone's been through this process.
Confirm the shipping.
We have some of this stuff blacked out.
That's kind of where your
address is gonna show up and
your name,
your account name is going to show up.
You have your little total on the side.
Click Continue.
Choose your shipping method.
Maybe you're in a hurry to get this board,
you have an option for, I believe,
next morning delivery.
>> I would be in a hurry.
I'm so excited I can't wait.
>> We just did FedEx ground services.
Confirmation, put in your
credit card information.
Here's your last page, get it all set up,
make sure your information is correct.
Place your order, and you are good to go.
All right.
So your board should be showing
up at your door within a day.
>> Yeah.
>> [LAUGH] Or five.
>> Express delivery.